July 3, 1800

Eloped Aaron Larkins a Mulatto Man who was admitted the 7th Ultimo with a very highly venereal complaint, and for being made sound again has taken this ungrateful method of acknowledging Thanks to his benefactors. Credit Northern Liberties. 

Eloped Matthew Richards, and notwithstanding his being seventy years of age, scaled the fence this Morning, by break of day. He had been out but a short time, when he was brought back in a Cart, and he has now jumped it again; said Old man is much addicted to liquor for which reason and the disturbance he makes in the streets when in that condition, has been often put into prison; he has been here often, and always took this method in getting out; his Wife who is a striving industrious body, but cannot live with him on account of his frequent intoxications and abuse but rather than he should expose himself, and his family too, in the manner he does, she obtained an Order of Admission for him the 31st last May from James McGlathery and James Collings on promising them at the same time, that she would call at this house every week & pay One dollar for his board, which she has done. Credit Southwark. 

Admitted Martha Adams and her two Sons, Smith Adams five years Old & John Adams two years, both of them good looking Children. The Mother is very sick of a Dropsy, which disables her from maintaining herself and Children. They are therefore sent here per Order Richard Tunis (who hath legal residence). Debit City. 

Admitted Sarah Squire has legal residence, and is much afflicted with the rheumatism. Daniel Squire a Mulatto man who died in this house the 15th Ultimo (she is white) was her husband. Order I. T. Hopper. Debit City. 

Admitted Ernest Beathgen, formerly a Clerk in this Office, is somewhat flighty, and is now very sick and lame, he says he is something better than he has been, not being able to contribute towards his support on account of his indisposition, and being poor and friendless is sent here per Order I. T. Hopper. Debit City. 

Admitted James Cody of legal residence, has got a very bad sore leg also the Rheumatism; he's been here twice before this with the same complaint, and was discharged, so late as the 15th last April at his own request, finding himself so he thought cured. Sent per Order Thomas Hockley. Debit City. 

Discharged Thomas Parmer who was admitted the 28th June ultimo, account of derangement in Mind, he is now gone out with his Wife who got permission of Mr. Ashley Visiting Committee to take him away. Credit Southwark.