July 8, 1800

Discharged George Sampson the Blackman who was admitted yesterday with the smallpox and a bad sore leg. Agreeable to the Ordinance Rules and Bye Laws of the institution of this House, that no person shall be admitted if known to labour under any kind of infectious disease, and this being the case, said George was sent back or returned to Mr. Isaac Tatem Hopper, but previous thereto, Mr. Cummings sent a letter by Mr. Lang advising of the same, in answer to which Mr. Hopper said that care should be taken of him at the place from whence he came. Note he had a few shirts & trousers given to him. Credit City. 

Died Joseph Garret the Italian who was admitted the 16th Ultimo far gone in a Consumption, of which he died. Credit Northern Liberties. 

Admitted Isaac Bassett who hath no legal residence, he was born in Bethlehem Township, Hunterdon County, New Jersey, is twenty years of age, poor and friendless, and sorely afflicted with an inflammatory Rheumatism, that he's not able to walk. Previous to his admission, he was visited by Doctor Samuel Duffield who reported him to have the above mentioned disorder, and is sent here until he may be fit to remove to his place of residence, per order James Poultney. Debit City. 

Died Isaac Thomas, the foundling child that was brought here the 10th April last. Credit City. Admitted Joseph Bringhurst is much deranged, and has been here twice before this in the same condition, he was discharged the 7th April last, seemingly and to all appearance, recovered, and is now returned as flighty as ever. Per Order James Poultney who says he ought to be confined as a Lunatic. Debit City. 

Admitted James Williams a Labourer who hath legal residence. This poor Man being at work on board a Vessel got an unlucky fall, which has disabled him in such a manner that has rendered him incapable of labour and being indigent & without friends is sent here per Order James Collings and James McGlathery. Debit Southwark.

Admitted Catherine McCoy who was brought here this day by a Constable from the Jail where she had been confined better than a Week for being frequently intoxicated, abusive and troublesome to the people in the neighbour hood she lived in. She, her husband, and son James were all discharged the 10th of April last. He seems to be an Orderly well-disposed Man, and is well settled, and would make her life comfortable only for her own imprudence and bad temper. Order of admission signed Isaac Tatem Hopper. Debit City.