June 23, 1800

Died John Guard an Old Man, has lingered a long time in a palsied state, and expired this Morning, him and his Wife Elizabeth were admitted the 6th July 1789. She's still living. Credit Southwark. 

Died Ann McCanna, has been in a long and tedious Consumptive indisposition. Admitted October 1st, 1795. Credit Southwark. 

Died Elizabeth Toy daughter of Martha Young, who was delivered of said Elizabeth the 22nd of July 1799 in this House. Credit Southwark. 

Admitted Hugh Haggerty an Old Venereal Customer who came here before this the 22nd November 1797 and continued till the 1st April 1800, when he was discharged cured, and is returned, whether with the same disorder or what the faculty call the Strangury a little time will discover. Order of Admission James McGlathery and James Collings. Debit Southwark. 

Admitted Jacob Felsy a Sailor, and whose last employ was on board the Frigate United States, Commodore Barry, his affliction is the Venereal disease, and is sent here per Order James Collings and James McGlathery with a Note on the back of it "that his Board and Medical assistance during his stay here will be paid for by George Bateman Esquire on the presentment of the bill." Debit Southwark. 

Discharged John Thomas, this child was admitted the 19th last February with a bad gathering under his Chin, and now delivered to his Mother Sarah Thomas per Order of the Board of Managers. Credit City. 

Bound Christiana Averine to Ezra Bower of this city to serve him eleven years four months and twenty four days as per Indenture of this date. Said Christiana has had two Masters before this, the first was to Adam May her Uncle of this City, Baker, the second to Daniel B. Carson of said City also, both of which indentures are cancelled. The first bearing date November 19th 1798 the second December 17th 1798. Admitted the 5th of October by the name of Bunker. 

Admitted Ann Nebecker, was admitted per Order Isaac Tatem Hopper for the purpose of being immediately bound out which was accordingly done as per annexed entry. Debit City. 

Bound Ann Nebecker to Henry Hawkins of this City, Mariner, to serve him eleven years, four months and twenty four days as per Indenture of this date. Admitted as above. Credit City.